this is 9 on your side laughter quickly
turns to screams when gunshots interrupt
the fun of a Boone County field party
you know I I just I won't let my
daughter Steph be in vain
and I won't stop until I have answers
tonight investigators say a Boone County
deputy fatally shot a 19 year old woman
after she hit him with her car while
leaving a party good evening in just a
matter of moments in the dark quick
decisions and one life and change
another tonight deputy Tyler Brockman on
administrative leave as investigators
worked to pull together every moment
leading to Samantha Ramsey's death
investigators say Brockman fired four
rounds through the windshield of
Ramsey's car after he was hit in the
light of day the bullet holes are
evident they're not on your side has
been following this story since it broke
overnight we begin our live team
coverage with Amy WADA's who is live at
the scene with the latest on the
investigation Amy Juli tonight officials
with the Boone County Sheriff's Office
need a lot of questions answer they're
interviewing that deputy that fired
those fatal shots witnesses and
gathering any evidence that they can
from the scene here was my first time
seeing that especially at a party Josh
Pitts watched it all unfold just after
2:00 this morning he was leaving a field
party going on in the 66 hundred block
of River Road in Hebron
and she was trying to make a turn and
leave the party he jumped on the car and
then poured his gun out and shot four
times through the window and hit the
girl and then she reversed back into the
woods the Boone County Sheriff's Office
says deputy Tyler Brockman ordered 19
year-old Samantha Ramsey to stop her car
as she was leaving the party three other
people were in the car with her he goes
to stop that car and the driver
accelerates and hits him and you know
he's on the hood of the car
and he in turn shoots through the
windshield the car stops he's thrown
from the car the car backs up and ends
up in a ditch officials say Brockman was
taken to the hospital with leg injuries
Ram
he was taken to Saint Elizabeth Hospital
in Florence where she was pronounced
dead I don't think she went on her way
to run him over I feel like she panicked
and tried to get out like try to she
panting she was drunk she tried to get
out of here
imagine that you're that deputy and
you're trying to stop this car you're
standing in the middle of the road and
all of a sudden this thing just
accelerates quickly and you find
yourself on the hood of the car and then
within seconds it's all over with so in
in those few seconds he thought I this
is how I have to save my life now
officials say that Samantha Ramsey has
no past record with the Boone County
Sheriff's Office deputy Brockman who's
actually a k-9 deputy has been with the
department since 2010 he's been placed
on administrative leave while the
investigation is ongoing that's
typically normal procedure during
officer-involved shootings
Amy WADA's 9 on your side live from
Hebron all right Amy and tonight the
family of the young woman killed is
demanding answers 9 on your side
reporter Shannon Cutler continues our
team coverage
she spoke with Samantha Ramsey's mother
about her death 19 year old Samantha
Ramsey graduated here from Holmes High
School last year her mom says she wanted
to be a teacher while she says her
daughter wasn't perfect she still has a
lot of questions about what happened I'm
a reasonable parent my daughter was not
a saint by any means but she was a very
good person and she would have never
disrespected an officer brandy Stewart
is trying to understand what happened to
her only daughter seen here in her prom
picture from last year last night
Samantha told her she was going to a
party they said their goodbyes but
brandy never imagined it would be the
last time the two would see each other
everybody loved her she was definitely a
people person and her life was just
beginning her life came to a sudden end
just after 2:00 this morning
Samantha and three friends were in their
car leaving a field party on River Road
investigators say Samantha accelerated
instead of stopping striking Boone
County sheriff's deputy Tyler Brockman
Brockman opened fire from the hood of
the car firing multiple times the doctor
had explained to me she had been shot
four times
twice in the chest one in each arm
arrest when I was initially told that
you know she had hit an officer I just I
I can't even fathom that idea because
you know she she was like I said she
wasn't perfect by any means but you know
she knew right from wrong complicating
her grief some of the passengers and
Samantha's car are telling her the
deputy may have jumped onto the car the
Sheriff's Department says that's not
true he has a job to do and I and I
respect that because like I said it's a
very difficult job but you know he knows
what happened and I want to know what
happened that's all I want to know and
as a mother I deserve to know Samantha's
mom is now checking with Life Center she
says her daughter wanted to be an organ
donor reporting in Covington Shannon
Cutler not on your side Boone County
Sheriff Michael Helmick has ordered a
full investigation into the shooting
we're told an autopsy will take place
over this weekend nine on your side is
staying on top of this investigation we
will report new information as we get it
on air and on wcco.com